Xiaodong Xiaohan
You're back. How were you at school?
Mom, I miss you.
I actually called him mom
He will be unhappy
I missed you too.
He is not honorable
Xiao Han, should you hold a parent-teacher meeting?
How do you know?
My mother's child is in the same class as you
He told me.
Uh, I have an urgent shipment tomorrow.
I may not be in time when I come back.
Parents' conference in Hong Kong?
Then I'll participate.
Would you like to attend my parent-teacher conference?
I'm your mother, can't I go?
Yes, of course.
I finally got my mom to attend my parent-teacher conference
Okay, the rice is getting cold, let's eat
I've already taken a shower
You go wash too
Sure enough, the old man has an opinion
Otherwise, he could still make this kind of thing after I was like this.
miss
Miss waiting until the wedding